OSDOCS#10702: Docs for Multiarch Tuning Operator (#76628)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/multi-arch-enabling-or-disabling-multiarch-operator-using-labels.adoc

//Module included in the following assemblies
//
//post_installation_configuration/multiarch-tuning-operator.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="multi-architecture-enabling-or-disabling-multiarch-operator-using-labels_{context}"]

> = Enabling or disabling the Multiarch Tuning Operator by removing the labels in a namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Controlling the namespaces processed by the cluster pod placement operand
```

```suggestion
= Filtering the namespaces processed by the cluster pod placement operand
```

> After creating a `PodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR), you can manually enable or disable the Multiarch Tuning Operator in a namespace by removing the `multiarch.openshift.io/exclude-pod-placement` or `multiarch.openshift.io/include-pod-placement` labels.

Reviewer: Uhm, I wouldn't decouple this from the examples for the opt-in/opt-out configurations. I would prefer two sections above stating that:

1. The ClusterPodPlacementConfig can use namespaceSelector to filter (in or out) the namespaces it should process
2. We recommend to use the "opt-out" namespaceSelector, so that the operator can process all the namepsaces, and the users can exclude some by adding the exclusion label (for example,  `multiarch.openshift.io/exclude-pod-placement`).
3. We add another example for the "opt-in" configuration and conclude it by showing that users should set the inclusion label in the namesace they want to be processed by the operator

> After creating a `PodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR), you can manually enable or disable the Multiarch Tuning Operator in a namespace by removing the `multiarch.openshift.io/exclude-pod-placement` or `multiarch.openshift.io/include-pod-placement` labels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a `PodPlacementConfig` custom resource (CR), you can setup a namespaceSelector to filter-in or filter-out the namespaces where the operand should process the node affinity of the created pods.

The namespaceSelector decides whether to run the webhook on a request for a namespaced resource (or a Namespace object), based on whether the namespace's labels match the selector.
```

I would specify two ClusterPodPlacementConfig excerpts (mostly including the different namespaceSelector field) as two paragraphs in the next

Author: Updated as per the suggestion.
